# Introduction
## Purpose
This subsection should:

1. Delineate the purpose of the SDD;
1. Specify the intended audience for the SDD.

## Scope 
This subsection should:

1. Identify the software product(s) to be produced by name (e.g., Host DBMS, Report Generator, etc.);
1. Explain what the software product(s) will, and, if neceflary, will not do;
1. Describe the application of the software being specified, including relevant benefits, objectives, and goals;
1. Be consistent with similar statements in higher-level specifications (e.g., the system requirements specification), if they exist.

##  Definitions, acronyms, and abbreviations

This subsection should provide the definitions of all terms, acronyms, and abbreviations required to properly interpret the SDD. This information may be provided by reference to one or more appendixes in the SDD or by reference to other documents.

# References
This subsection should

1. Provide a complete list of all documents referenced elsewhere in the SDD;
1. Identify each document by title, report number (if applicable), date, and publishing organization;
1. Specify the sources from which the references can be obtained.
 
 This information may be provided by reference to an appendix or to another document.
 
# Design Description

## Identified Stakeholders and design concerns

An SDD shall identify the design stakeholders for the design subject.

An SDD shall identify the design concerns of each identified design stakeholder.

An SDD shall address each identified design concern.

## Design Viewpoint 1
For each design view in an SDD, there shall be exactly one design viewpoint governing it.

Each design viewpoint shall be specified by:
 - Viewpoint name;
 - Design concerns that are the topics of the viewpoint;
 - Design elements, defined by that viewpoint, specifically the types of design entities, attributes,
relationships, and constraints introduced by that viewpoint or used by that viewpoint (which may
have been defined elsewhere). These elements may be realized by one or more design languages;
 - Analytical methods or other operations to be used in constructing a design view based upon the
viewpoint, and criteria for interpreting and evaluating the design; and
 - Viewpoint source (e.g., authorship or citation), when applicable.

In addition, a design viewpoint specification may provide the following information on using the
viewpoint:
 - Formal or informal consistency and completeness tests to be applied to the view;
 - Evaluation or analysis techniques to be applied to a view; and
 - Heuristics, patterns, or other guidelines to assist in construction or synthesis of a view.

An SDD shall include a rationale for the selection of each selected viewpoint.
Each design concern identified in an SDD shall be framed by at least one design viewpoint selected
for use. A design concern may be the focus of more than one viewpoint in an SDD.

Example viewpoints:

 - Context - Systems services and users
 - Composition - Composition and modular assembly of systems in terms of subsystems and (pluggable) components, buy vs. build, reuse of components
 - Logical - Static structure (classes, interfaces, and their relationships) Reuse of types and implementations (classes, data types)
 - Dependency - Interconnection, sharing, and parameterization
 - Informational with data distribution overlay and physical volumetric overlay - Persistent information
 - Patterns - Reuse of patterns and available Frameowrk template 
 - Interface - Service definition, service access
 - Structure - Internal constituents and organization of design subjects, components and classes
 - Interaction - Object communication, messaging
 - State dynamics - Dynamic state transformation
 - Algorithm - Procedural logic
 - Resources - Resource utilization

## Design View 1
An SDD shall be organized into one or more design views.
Each design view in an SDD shall conform to its governing design viewpoint.

The purpose of a design view is to address design concerns pertaining to the design subject, to allow a
design stakeholder to focus on design details from a specific perspective and effectively address relevant
requirements.

Each design view shall address the design concerns specified by its governing design viewpoint.

An SDD is complete when each identified design concern is the topic of at least one design view; all design
attributes refined from each design concern by some viewpoint have been specified for all of the design
entities and relationships in its associated view; and all design constraints have been applied.

An SDD is consistent if there are no known conflicts between the design elements of its design views.

## Design Viewpoint m
## Design View m

## Design Rationale
Design rationale captures the reasoning of the designer that led to the system as designed and the
justifications of those decisions.

Design rationale may take the form of commentary, made throughout the decision process and associated
with collections of design elements. Design rationale may include, but is not limited to: design issues raised
and addressed in response to design concerns; design options considered; trade-offs evaluated; decisions
made; criteria used to guide design decisions; and arguments and justifications made to reach decisions.