# Introduction
## Purpose
This subsection should:

1. Delineate the purpose of the SDD;
1. Specify the intended audience for the SDD.

## Scope 
This subsection should:

1. Identify the software product(s) to be produced by name (e.g., Host DBMS, Report Generator, etc.);
1. Explain what the software product(s) will, and, if neceflary, will not do;
1. Describe the application of the software being specified, including relevant benefits, objectives, and goals;
1. Be consistent with similar statements in higher-level specifications (e.g., the system requirements specification), if they exist.

##  Definitions, acronyms, and abbreviations

This subsection should provide the definitions of all terms, acronyms, and abbreviations required to properly interpret the SDD. This information may be provided by reference to one or more appendixes in the SDD or by reference to other documents.

# References
This subsection should

1. Provide a complete list of all documents referenced elsewhere in the SDD;
1. Identify each document by title, report number (if applicable), date, and publishing organization;
1. Specify the sources from which the references can be obtained.
 
 This information may be provided by reference to an appendix or to another document.
 
# Decomposition Description
The decomposition description records the division of the software system into design entities. It describes the way the
system has been structured and the purpose and function of each entity. For each entity, it provides a reference to the
detailed description via the identification attribute.

The attribute descriptions for identification, type, purpose, function, and subordinates should be included in this design
view. This attribute information should be provided for all design entities

The literature on software engineering describes a number of methods that provide consistent criteria for entity
decomposition (see Freeman and Wasserman, Tutorial on Software Design Techniques). These methods provide for
designing simple, independent entities and are based on such principles as structured design and information hiding.

The primary graphical technique used to describe system decomposition is a hierarchical decomposition diagram. This
diagram can be used together with natural language descriptions of purpose and function for each entity

## Module Decomposition
## Concurrent Process Description
## Data Decomposition

# Dependency Description
The dependency description specifies the relationships among entities. It identifies the dependent entities, describes
their coupling, and identifies the required resources.

This design view defines the strategies for interactions among design entities and provides the information needed to
easily perceive how, why, where, and at what level system actions occur. It specifies the type of relationships that exist
among the entities such as shared information, prescribed order of execution, or well-defined parameter interfaces.

The attribute descriptions for identification, type, purpose, dependencies, and resources should be included in this
design view. This attribute information should be provided for all design entities.

There are a number of methods that help minimize the relationships among entities by maximizing the relationship
among elements in the same entity. These methods emphasize low module coupling and high module cohesion (see
Freeman and Wasserman, Tutorial on Software Design Techniques).

Formal specification languages provide for the specification of system functions and data, their interrelationships, the
inputs and outputs, and other system aspects in a well-defined language. The relationship among design entities is also
represented by data flow diagrams, structure charts, or transaction diagrams.

## Intermodule Dependency
## Interprocess Dependency
## Data dependencies

# Interface Description

The entity interface description provides everything designers, programmers, and testers need to know to correctly use
the functions provided by an entity. This description includes the details of external and internal interfaces not
provided in the software requirements specification.

This design view consists of a set of interface specifications for each entity. The attribute descriptions for
identification, function, and interfaces should be included in this design view. This attribute information should be
provided for all design entities

The interface description should provide the language for communicating with each entity to include screen formats,
valid inputs, and resulting outputs. For those entities that are data driven, a data dictionary should be used to describe
the data characteristics. Those entities that are highly visible to a user and involve the details of how the customer
should perceive the system should include a functional model, scenarios for use, detailed feature sets, and the
interaction language.

## Module Interface
## Process Interface

# Detailed Design

The detailed design description contains the internal details of each design entity. These details include the attribute
descriptions for identification, processing, and data. This attribute information should be provided for all design
entities.

There are many tools used to describe the details of design entities. Program design languages can be used to describe
inputs, outputs, local data and the algorithm for an entity. Other common techniques for describing design entity logic
include using metacode or structured English, or graphical methods such as Nassi-Schneidermann charts or
flowcharts.

## Module Detailed Design
## Process Detailed Design
